The Joe Rogan experience. Let me do my Joey Diaz impression. Hey Joe Rogan.
I like that. He calls you Joe Rogan.
So if today someone said we can, schools can open up.
Clubs can open up. Venues can open up. We can go back to normal.
If you wear this bracelet that tells me where you are at all times where
you were last night and who you hung out with.
This is the problem with it.
The same problem with shutting down the Tik TOK house. It's because, okay,
you shut down a house that has 200 people. What if it gets down to five?
What if they tell you, you have to split your family up?
What if you have 10 people in your house, you can't have more than 10.
What if you have 12, grandma comes over, can't come over.
Who the are they to tell you can't have a party.
You have mismanaged this crisis.
So horribly at every step of the way and not just the city and not just the
state, the federal government.
And of course the people that were releasing the information from [inaudible]
that's the, that's the big step.
Cause they're the ones who it up because there was a lot of legit doctors and
scientists that were in Wu Han,
Chinese doctors that were trying to get the word out and they were silenced.
And the main one,
the first one that did it actually wind up dying from the disease. It's crazy.
Right? So that's, that's the biggest up, but there's,
fuck-ups every step of the way.
And one of the biggest ups that's happening right now is these people being in a
position of power and telling people that they can't work telling people,
they can't do things. Tell them you can protest. I'm going to say you can't.
But I did.
I did see that Tim Dillon was supposed to be there governors and long island,
the comedy club,
but you can't have a person that just because they win a popularity contest,
make new rules. You can't give them the power to make new rules.
Cause everybody becomes a tyrant. And there's what they're doing. They all,
they're doing it to protect people. You tell me how many hospital beds you have.
You tell me what the death rate is.
And then you tell me why this is the only state in the country that can,
that can't open a beauty salon. The beauty salons can't be open right now.
Only California. They're crazy. This is, it's a crazy.
State. And they opened them for a second and then took it away.
Maybe it's because we don't pay.
Enough taxes. Jesus Christ.
Uber. I never paid. The point is that bad people are going to wake the up. No,
it's fine. I.
I never paid taxes. I'll say it on podcasts. Nobody knows. Let's just say,
let's just say on paper, man, Wesley Snipes have a lot in common.
Dude. They don't around. They find, you know.
I'm, I'm having my, well, I'm not talking about this actually.
But the, this, the state is just, they're terrible at it.
And the fact that they can shut down these tick talkers, we should be nervous.
Not because these tick Dockers are our geniuses,
but it's because who the are you to say? You, you can shut the power off.
You can shut someone's. But isn't it funny that they're very.
Slow. They're taking their, their ability to use their phones.
They're like your phone's going to die. And then you're a. I think they're.
Shutting the lights off in the house. That's what they're doing.
They're cutting off the water. But if you do that,
you're saying that you have the ability to shut off essentially things that keep
people alive, water power.
And you're saying that you have the ability to tell them how they can live in
this house.
And there's no real law that says you can limit the amount of people that can go
to a party. And don't think there is, this.
Does not happen, Texas. No, my mom is from Texas. Yeah.
You do not get to tell people from Texas what to do except don't smoke weed.
Yeah. Except weed. What are we gonna do about that? Oh,
I'm going to have the, what you.
Can see laws and like that. Like the amount of people that can be. But if you.
Can't change them, can you, can you make it a house?
Like if a house is normally has a party, like Danville's, Erin's place.
You're in college and you have too many people at your house,
they'll come and shut it down. Right. Right.
But that's the cops and that's not your house. That's Jamie. Well.
We don't own the house either. They're probably renting it. They didn't,
they don't have $10 million to buy those houses. Yet. The.
People who own the house have some sort of a regulation. Maybe I could see it.
But if you like Dan Bilzerian didn't own that house either.
And the whole thing about that house,
it would off the neighbors was cause he would just bus in people and they'd fill
that place up and DJs and marshmallows there and, and everybody's going crazy,
but they didn't shut his power off.
So they're sitting there saying they have the ability to show your power and
water off because during the pandemic they can limit the amount of people in
your house.
So that's a new rule because if they were having these occupancy laws,
Dan Bilzerian, would've gotten shut down too.
They're doing it because they're saying you could spread COVID this way.
And it's irresponsible.
The problem is the way that they're doing something new,
they're shutting power off on someone's house that doesn't listen.
There's shutting power off on someone.
Who's having a party who doesn't know bay. They have, and.
They're doing it for press to kind of let people know what's up.
It's just like a threat.
It's the same guy that offered rewards for people who turn folks in.
Remember the whole thing, snitches get stitches. Well now snitches get rewards.
If people want social justice saying that people are having parties.
And that was for small parties. Remember that was for people having barbecues,
this.
Do you think I'm going to get? Cause I'm starting a standup show in my backyard.
Just for comics. We're going to do testing.
Like what Chappelle is doing in Ohio. I'm going to do in my backyard.
Cause it's just getting crazy. Am I gonna get shut down? No.
No, but you're going to let everybody know where you live now. Oh.
It's going to be, it's basically going to be like a bringer show.
It's gonna be like comic bring like two friends that you trust to know.
Guys, if you join my Patrion, do a raffle
and some. We might try to show you some stuff. Like why not? Yeah. Why.
Not? I just wonder what is the law? Like?
See if we can find out if there's any written thing.
I know many people can I have. I don't know. Yeah. Like what,
what is the law now in LA? If these tic talkers have too many people,
but they believe a lot.
That I'm going to have like five comics. Cause when I started.
I think he should just be arrested. If that's a law,
I think you should be fine or something.
I don't think you should be able to shut someone's power.
Find me great. All right, bye. Yeah.
If like if these tic talkers like, Hey, you guys are violating the law.
So here's a fine of $200. This blimp things make sense.
If you're finding for like, if you're, if you park in the wrong place,
you can get fined. But there's a thing that they're doing. That's weird.
They're shutting power off ordinance on loud or unruly gatherings known as the
party house ordinance hate Dan Bilzerian did ever work on you officially took
place August 15th, 2018. They never used it on him.
The ordinance claims to curb repeat offenders have added control parties of
residential neighborhoods with escalating fines and new enforcement from Los
Angeles police department. I don't think that's connected though,
because this is 2018. Is that like a blanket statement?
Don't think that's connected to the Tik TOK house. These are all, do we want so.
Many heat wave? It was 107. You can't cut off someone's electricity in 107.
And we're all, we're assuming they're kids and they're allowed to be there.
Okay. Here,
property owners who skirt building and safety rules or city laws such as Los
Angeles party house ordinance was the same law, right?
Are in violation of COVID 19 public health orders in the city's party house
ordinance, which becomes the law in 2018.
So they're talking about that law and it said it wasn't clear whether Garcetti's
announcement was related to that motion. Okay.
What it feels like it's still exactly they're making
up as they go along. It's still sneaky.
I liked the proposal penalties for large gatherings could include water and
power shut off permit prohibitions and having a certificate of Hopkins
occupancy held or revert revoked for large co close
contact,
largely masked list gatherings in violation of city emergency orders and
county health order. So the city emergency and the county health order,
they make an order saying you can have a large gathering. And if you do,
they're going to do a new thing, which is shut your water and power off.
When do they never do that. Unless you're a fugitive,
you have to have like a gun and you're pointing it out.
The window. So it's like, we're always at risk of fires.
And now you're making people use candle light. Like I've seen, I've seen.
These kids, they don't shower anyway.
It's just punish them that much slippery thing. If you're loud,
it's a God complex.
I think it's stupid that these kids want to have these parties.
And we were talking about Dr. Malkin and all these people that came to him that
got sick from one of those parties. You can get sick for sure.
And there's probably, you know,
it's a high likelihood that people are going to die.
If they keep getting sick and they infect someone, you know,
it's like zero it's point, zero 4% of people who catch COVID die.
That's what the current standings are. So it could lead to a death or two.
It is possible. But I just,
I just don't think you should allow people to do that.